>> Jen Kramer: So
congratulations everyone,
you have created your
first portfolio website.
Today has been a very busy day.
We started with talking about all of the
information that you might wanna include
on a portfolio website and
things you might wanna think about
as you include that information.
We then started to mark up
that information and style it.
For the about me section,
the project section and
the footer section individually
inside of CodePen.
We then assembled those all into one page.
We added a light,
dark color theme switcher that's
all completely CSS powered.
And then we took all of that information,
dumped it over to VS code and
set it up online to GitHub, and
now you have a page that you can see
online and share with all of your friends.
So congratulations on
getting all that done.
If you like me here,
you may like me elsewhere too.
You might wanna check out some of my
other courses including the ultimate
grid course, practical CSS layouts and
CSS projects,
are three of my most popular courses.
All of them will teach
you more about CSS and
how to think about CSS layouts and
how to think about styling in general.
So once again, congratulations.
Hope to see you in another course,
real soon.
>> [APPLAUSE]